And the last section we started writing out our first component and hit early stumbling block with just
the first two lines of code here we are referencing two separate libraries and we're also doing so with
this strange import syntax and this video we're going to discuss the differences between react and react
native And we're also going to review the import syntax that we are using to pull a library into this
file with.
So I'm going to pull up a diagram the first of many many diagrams that are going to be looking at to
figure out what the difference between the react and then react need of libraries are when we work with
the re-act native application we are interfacing with two separate distinct libraries authored by the
re-act team re-act natives and react again to separate libraries.
Each has its own distinct job re-act library contains a bunch of code that describes how a component
should behave such as what functions it should have and also knows how to deal with a big pile of components
like you know how to take a bunch of components and make them work together.
Like I said earlier we're going to end up making apps with a dozen different components.
And something needs to know how to take all these different things and make them work together.
That is the job of the re-act library.
On the other hand re-act native can be thought of as our portal to the mobile device like the thing
that we can use to get a handle on the mobile device that we're running on it knows how to take output
from a component and make it appear on a mobile device Riak native also provides us with a couple of
primitive components that we can use to show simple text or simple images.
Right now we're not going to sweat the differences between react and react native to much.
I'll be getting a lot of direction on which one of these We're going to be using at any point in time.
And soon you'll know which one to refer to you like second nature.
The next thing I want to talk about is a quicker view of import statements import statements like the
two we have here are part of 6 and you might recall that yes six is a new version of javascript with
E-6 code that we write.
Each file can be thought of as having its own little separate compartment or cell by default.
No file gets access to any global variables or anything like that only by importing libraries into a
file.
Can we reach out to other files and work with code that exists elsewhere in our project.
So with that in mind the two import statements that we have right here start to make a little bit more
sense.
This file that we're working on has no access to like intrinsically any variables within our project
whatsoever any outside code that we want to work with inside this file must be imported.
And so we added one import statement to import the reactor library and the second one to import the
re-act native library.
OK.
So that is I know a lot of discussion for two simple lines of code.
Let's continue to the next section and work on our next step which will need to create our component